He is good at sports
This is a restricted
Negative
Generalization nobody just means no person
No person is good
At sports
When we symbolize
Or Translate
A negative
Restricted
Generalization
We always have a choice we can treat it
As a
Restricted as the negation of a restricted existential generalization
Or we can treat it as a
Restricted Universal generalization
With a negative
Predicate
So let's do each of these in turn
No person is good at sports
We think of that as
It is not the case that some person is good at sports
Then we can treat some person is good at sports
In the way
That we have
Have been doing X's a person
And
Sex is good at sports
For some value of x
That's true you know X's a person is
Paychex
Hexes good at sports
Is
Chi-x
This is end
And this is our existential quantifier so it's not the case
That there's
Something
That's both a person and good at sports
Another words nobody is good at sports
That's the first
Solution
And it is correct
But we can also treat nobody is good at sports as a universal generalization
Everything is such that
If it is a person
Then it is good
Sports
Then it is good at sports than it is
Not good
That Sports
So
It is a person means
Hey Jax
It is not good at sports
He is not GX
This is our conditional
And this is our Universal quantifier
So for all Acts
If x is a person that X is not good at sports
Another way
Does expressing the claim
Nobody is good at sports and that is also
Correct